src/guide.md, before:

# Short introduction to the game
Here is a short introduction 

# What am I seeing?
In the middle of the screen you will see a green square. you can move this square by dragging it with the mouse.
This square represents the land on which you can build. In the top left is a bunch of numbers. This is your current resources.

# What are resources?
Each Building has a cost and an output. The cost of a building is the amount of resources that you need to build it. It is a one time cost that you pay when you build the building. The output is the amount of resources that the building produces each tick. A tick occurs every 4 seconds. 
You can see you curren number of resources in the top left of the screen.
/looks a bit like this:
[ 10
 If you hover over the resources you can see you current total per second production of resources.


# Starting a farm
the first step that you should take is to open the building menu. 
This can be found in the bottom left of the screen
This menu may look confusing at first, but all it is is a list of all the buildings that can be built. 
For each building you will see a grey button.

Clicking this will select the building

Commit message:

Update guide.md with introduction

src/guide.md, after:

# Short introduction to the game
Welcome to Mini City! This tutorial should guide you through each of the stages of progression in the game. Using it is optional, however I recomend checking it if you get stuck.

# What am I seeing?
In the middle of the screen you will see a green square. you can move this square by dragging it with the mouse.
This square represents the land on which you can build. In the top left is a bunch of numbers. This is your current resources.

# What are resources?
Each Building has a cost and an output. The cost of a building is the amount of resources that you need to build it. It is a one time cost that you pay when you build the building. The output is the amount of resources that the building produces each tick. A tick occurs every 4 seconds. 
You can see you curren number of resources in the top left of the screen.
/looks a bit like this:
[ 10
 If you hover over the resources you can see you current total per second production of resources.


# Starting a farm
the first step that you should take is to open the building menu. 
This can be found in the bottom left of the screen
This menu may look confusing at first, but all it is is a list of all the buildings that can be built. 
For each building you will see a grey button.

Clicking this will select the building
